== Feedback ==
This is a simple Chicago Boss application that lets you receive and review "feedback" messages,
the idea being that it would let users give you feedback on what they like (or don't) about your web site.
Mostly, the point of this is to demonstrate how Chicago Boss mail controllers work,
since the documentation on that is pretty scattered,
and there are some quirks of email configuration separate from Chicago Boss.

== Configuring email ==
Chicago Boss can act as an email server, as well as a web server.
The catch in setting up a development environment, where your app is running as a regular user,
is that you don't have permission to use the standard email port (25),
so you need to tell CB to use a different one.
(See <code>boss.config</code> for how that's done.)

The other half of this is that you need to ''send'' email to that non-standard port.
The easiest way to do this (at least on Linux) is using the <code>mail</code> utility (part of the mailutils package).
Configuring it to use a non-standard port was surprisingly hard to track down documentation for,
but in the end it's pretty straightforward.
You just need to create a <code>~/.mailrc</code> file containing.
 set sendmail="smtp://0.0.0.0:8025"
This tells <code>mail</code> to send all email by way of the server running on local port 8025
(as in <code>boss.config</code>).

Once that's all configured, you can send mail like so:
 $ mail -s "test 1" feedback@localhost
 Cc: 
 hi there! like your site!
 <ctrl-d>

== Caveats ==
This is just example code. Run it, poke at it, see how it works.
It may be helpful look at the [https://github.com/bluegraybox/feedback/commit/438e242c53d041c869d8d4e26f62b5d39ada4405 first commit],
to get a sense of what had to be added and changed from the auto-generated Chicago Boss app.

